---
title: Eagle Project
---
I started working on my Eagle Scout project near the end of last summer.  Now the project is nearing completion and is due to be completed by June fourth.  The actual project is to rebuild miniature buildings used for the police department near me’s Safety City program.  They use the buildings to teach children street safety by drawing roads around the buildings with crosswalks and stop signs. Some children ride on big-wheel tricycles, and others run around on the sidewalks. The buildings are representations of real buildings in the area where the program is run, so they are mostly cartoon versions of fire stations, police stations, churches, and schools. I was asked to remake the original project because the models were getting old, outdated, and needed repainted. The new buildings will be models of the businesses which donated money to help fund the project. So far, I have had 6 businesses donate $100 in return for their own advertising space on a building, Sherwin Williams donate about 8 gallons of free paint, and Home Depot give about $1500 worth of lumber for $250. The project has been moving along smoothly, and, as of today, the basecoats on the buildings are now complete. In order to earn my Eagle Scout rank, I have to complete the project by acting as a leader for my fellow scouts and ensuring everyone does what needs done in a timely fashion. So far, there have been two project work dates in which the weather wasn’t very good for working, so I have been left to do the remaining work on my own after each day. Today, I was left to finish applying the base coat on the backs of all the building walls and roofs. Last time, I had to build 8 walls and 2 roofs for new buildings. Who knows what will be needed next time. It will probably have something more to do with painting though because the nest project work date will be about painting the actual business buildings over the base coat. After that’s done and we finish the new crossing signs, all that will be needed is an OK from the deputy overseeing everything.
